<pre> This scenario requires the programs 'acotsp' (from ACOTSP-VAR in
directory src/), 'nondominated' (from mo-tools/, used for
normalization), and hv (from hv/, for computing the hypervolume). All
of them are implemented in C and need to be compiled. In GNU/Linux and
other operating systems which support Makefiles, the required programs
can be compiled by simply typing 'make' to produce the executables.

ACOTSP-VAR is a modified version of the ACOTSP software with additional
parameters controlling parameter variation. Further information about
this variant can be found in the paper:

  M. L&oacute;pez-Ib&aacute;&ntilde;ez and T. St&uuml;tzle. Automatically improving the anytime
  behaviour of optimisation algorithms. European Journal of
  Operational Research, 2013. doi:10.1016/j.ejor.2013.10.043.

This modified version is
Copyright (c) 2013 Manuel Lopez-Ibanez <manuel.lopez-ibanez@ulb.ac.be>

This program is free software (software libre); you can redistribute
it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

IMPORTANT NOTE: Please be aware that the fact that this program is
released as Free Software does not excuse you from scientific
propriety, which obligates you to give appropriate credit! If you
write a scientific paper describing research that made substantive use
of this program, it is your obligation as a scientist to (a) mention
the fashion in which this software was used in the Methods section;
(b) mention the algorithm in the References section. The appropriate
citation is given above.

The original ACOTSP is Copyright (c) Thomas Stuetzle, 2002.
The README and license information of the original ACOTSP can be found
in src/README
</pre>
